hey kid look she's looking at you see
the eye yeah hi now look there welcome
back to scrambled except this time it's
done with a difference because we are in
West Sumatra on the real bank here a
little town called bucatini I'm going to
show you how to make the most amazing
scrambled egg stroke omelet with a
beautiful langtang paste now this rang
down pace has been cooking overnight
okay it is the essence behind Indonesian
cuisine and for me it's all about the
cameras ation you start off with this
incredible paste chili garlic galangal
and wild ginger but you add the beef
into it and you almost dry the beef out
and it gets crispy and toasty I've taken
a few spoons of my rain bank paste out
I'm gonna put that in not scrambled eggs
we're gonna turn that into an amazing
omelet now first off frying my onions
and garlic so this is gonna be a bit of
a sort of spicy omelet okay chop chop
chop now if there's one thing that I've
sort of got to speed this week in
Indonesia and that was the essence and
the power of spice and the way they use
all these spices as part of their
preservation is extraordinary I was on a
boat locally and out fishing for 24
hours
I'd only wanted to eat I was going down
no fish but Rhonda why they have no
refrigeration unit but there's rain down
last for days so I've try this in an
omelet and turn the heat up on scrambled
now slice the shallots garlic okay
superf inside caramelize them nicely
garlic in
now we'll show you this beautiful fresh
ginger look at that so it's almost
completely different books or normal
ginger so look how white that is in size
it's so beautiful really beautiful and
incredibly fragrant so I can take a
little bit of ginger off again on and
literally fry that up now this ginger is
incredibly fragrant it's little green
little spice and lightness to this
beautiful omelet from there chilies
local chilies red chilies I'm gonna
leave the seeds in okay now
again chopped seeds any how hot you want
it you determine I left the chilies I
had to go back three or four inches
touch of all into the pan choco
underneath and then from there in with
my ingredients beautiful toasting nicely
lightly seasoned salt goes in
a little bit of a kaffir lime leaf in
there as well I take that out before I
put my eggs in there and their little
touch of going go again
I just wanna get that nice and fragrant
okay one nice slice in there
then she goes make sure you take that
out before you have the eggs it's gonna
make it really nice and fragrant cut
that out
as we start to get a bit of color on
that garlic shallots that beautiful wild
ginger oh my goodness me caramelize
these down it's super fragrant and very
very sweet look at these now these are
almost like our equivalent white bait
but they're dry okay so I'm gonna put
that in there and that's going to give
it the saltiness inside
again to chop them up
and waiting to see the flavor these give
off each amazing why looks like a white
bait in she goes now caramelize that
what all those flavors coming out of
that Shaolin girl kaffir lime leaf right
get the leaves out get the gun and go
out it's on this job I don't wait too
sweet okay now those fish they're
starting to rehydrate thanks crack in
these are local duck eggs I don't retire
those jokes so beautiful
amazing oh come on this has to be one of
the most spiciest delicious on this I've
ever made and scramble is all about egg
diversity now from there take a fork
lightly whisk in those eggs up okay
from the hang of oil touch of red chilli
in green chilli in I'm not going to use
any salt in here because I'm gonna
depend on those wonderful dried little
fish now mix the chilli in with the eggs
I'm frying between the garlic and the
onions and that wild ginger in there now
that I've got that really nice and
toasted look I'm at with Deepa
caramelize really nice okay in with the
eggs okay mix mix mix and then we go
you know give that a little mix look how
rich that is good so now I'm cooking the
eggs first before I set it okay really
important that way you get this nice
even distribution of all those spices
the smell is beautiful okay
once the eggs are two-thirds all the way
through and cooked I'm gonna start
flattening it okay before I start baking
it and explain why so I'm getting a nice
fold on my eggs they're getting whisk
that round round and round
now it's two-thirds of the way there
start flattening it out
okay so bake the base of that now I need
that to bake for one minute as that's
bacon underneath okay I'm gonna get my
rang dang paste now bearing in mind I've
had beef in here I've got little shards
of beef left so I'm gonna put that
literally in and just start dotting that
around this is what's going to give this
sort of Indonesian Flair of an amazing
beautiful meringue damn omelette now let
that rang down paste okay sit on top of
those undercooked eggs and look what's
gonna happen now as that bottom of the
omelette is gonna bake the rang Tang is
going to seep through and the rain gang
has been finished with this sort of
caramelized
coconut oil so it's got the very nice
fragrant dark rich flavor right give
that a minute
and then I start I'm just tapping as I
tap that pad it starts to release the
omelette underneath hopefully the
non-stick pan 1 2 3
till the pan up and I start folding
there's beautiful omelette nice be done
fold that over and then over as it
starts rolling I tip the pan more so is
it just folds and then I get to the end
hold it there off and then up
and there have quite beautiful but rang
dang omelet I've never been so excited
to cut a nama in half and plug
Oh
it tastes
in delicious rich spicy and authentic
let me know in the comments what you
think of that amazing scrambled egg dish
and if you missed uncharted trust me you
can watch it on the link below or on the
Nat Geo app
[Music]